c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\bin\skyapi.dll.config
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\bin\skyapi.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\bin\skyapi.pdb
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\bin\Microsoft.Azure.AppService.ApiApps.Service.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\obj\Debug\skyapi.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\obj\Debug\skyapi.pdb
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\obj\Debug\skyapi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kumar\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Kumar\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Kumar\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\skyapi\skyapi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
